Incumbent, n.: Person of liveliest interest to the outcumbents. -- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree." -- Russell Long
All of a sudden, I want to THROW OVER my promising ACTING CAREER, grow a LONG BLACK BEARD and wear a BASEBALL HAT!! ... Although I don't know WHY!!
The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind of thing. Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation of these atoms is talking moonshine. -- Ernest Rutherford, after he had split the atom for the first time
Intellect annuls Fate. So far as a man thinks, he is free. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I don't like the Dutchman. He's a crocodile. He's sneaky. I don't trust him. -- Jack "Legs" Diamond, just before a peace conference with Dutch Schultz. I don't trust Legs. He's nuts. He gets excited and starts pulling a trigger like another guy wipes his nose. -- Dutch Schultz, just before a peace conference with "Legs" Diamond.
The IBM 2250 is impressive ... if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price. -- D. Cohen
Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories. -- Arthur C. Clarke
We know next to nothing about virtually everything. It is not necessary to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know. Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition to crave knowledge. -- George Will
I'm ZIPPY the PINHEAD and I'm totally committed to the festive mode.
Q: What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common? A: The same middle name.
Yesterday I was a dog. Today I'm a dog. Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog. Sigh! There's so little hope for advancement. -- Snoopy
"I'm dying," he croaked. "My experiment was a success," the chemist retorted . "You can't really train a beagle," he dogmatized. "That's no beagle, it's a mongrel," she muttered. "The fire is going out," he bellowed. "Bad marksmanship," the hunter groused. "You ought to see a psychiatrist," he reminded me. "You snake," she rattled. "Someone's at the door," she chimed. "Company's coming," she guessed. "Dawn came too soon," she mourned. "I think I'll end it all," Sue sighed. "I ordered chocolate, not vanilla," I screamed. "Your embroidery is sloppy," she needled cruelly. "Where did you get this meat?" he bridled hoarsely. -- Gyles Brandreth, "The Joy of Lex"
You will have a long and boring life.
C Code. C Code Run. Run, Code, RUN! PLEASE!!!!
Volley Theory: It is better to have lobbed and lost than never to have lobbed at all.
To restore a sense of reality, I think Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland. -- Jack Paar
Whenever someone tells you to take their advice, you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.
To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide a test load.
The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly ... and the bird is on the wing. -- Omar Khayyam
I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's; I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create. -- William Blake, "Jerusalem"
XVI: In the year 2054, the entire defense budget will purchase just one aircraft. This aircraft will have to be shared by the Air Force and Navy 3-1/2 days each per week except for leap year, when it will be made available to the Marines for the extra day. XVII: Software is like entropy. It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics, i.e., it always increases. XVIII: It is very expensive to achieve high unreliability. It is not uncommon to increase the cost of an item by a factor of ten for each factor of ten degradation accomplished. XIX: Although most products will soon be too costly to purchase, there will be a thriving market in the sale of books on how to fix them. XX: In any given year, Congress will appropriate the amount of funding approved the prior year plus three-fourths of whatever change the administration requests -- minus 4-percent tax. -- Norman Augustine
Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed. -- Josh Billings
Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.
If you are what you eat, does that mean Euell Gibbons really was a nut?
O imitators, you slavish herd! -- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
QOTD: If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection.
No one may kill a man. Not for any purpose. It cannot be condoned. -- Kirk, "Spock's Brain", stardate 5431.6
Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket"--which is but a manner of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention;" but the wise man saith, "Put all your eggs in the one basket and--WATCH THAT BASKET." -- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague: "This isn't right. This isn't even wrong." -- Wolfgang Pauli
When your memory goes, forget it!
"Life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it."
No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a dirty little beast. -- W.S. Gilbert
Confessions may be good for the soul, but they are bad for the reputation. -- Lord Thomas Dewar
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
better !pout !cry better watchout lpr why santa claus < north pole > town cat /etc/passwd > list ncheck list ncheck list cat list | grep naughty > nogiftlist cat list | grep nice > giftlist santa claus < north pole > town who | grep sleeping who | grep awake who | grep bad || good for (goodness sake) { be good }
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature? -- Nero Wolfe, "The League of Frightened Men"
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students. -- John Ciardi
Love is always open arms. With arms open you allow love to come and go as it wills, freely, for it will do so anyway. If you close your arms about love you'll find you are left only holding yourself.
The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides. -- Andre Malraux
Why I Can't Go Out With You: I'd LOVE to, but... -- I've got a Friends of the Lowly Rutabaga meeting. -- I promised to help a friend fold road maps. -- I've been scheduled for a karma transplant. -- I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture. -- It's my parakeet's bowling night. -- I'm building a plant from a kit. -- There's a disturbance in the Force. -- I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling. -- I'm teaching my ferret to yodel. -- My crayons all melted together.
Something better... 1 (obvious): Excuse me. Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face? 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover. She's going to blow. 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore something larger. Like ... Wyoming. 4 (personal): Well, here we are. Just the three of us. 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen. Your nose was on time but you were fifteen minutes late. 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you. Gosh. To be able to smell your own ear. 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir. Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't mind putting that thing away. 8 (philosophical): You know. It's not the size of a nose that's important. It's what's in it that matters. 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you. Sneeze and it's goodbye, Seattle. 10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95. 11 (polite): Ah. Would you mind not bobbing your head. The orchestra keeps changing tempo. 12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose." -- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"
A rolling disk gathers no MOS.
EARL GREY PROFILES NAME: Jean-Luc Perriwinkle Picard OCCUPATION: Starship Big Cheese AGE: 94 BIRTHPLACE: Paris, Terra Sector EYES: Grey SKIN: Tanned HAIR: Not much LAST MAGAZINE READ: Lobes 'n' Probes, the Ferengi-Betazoid Sex Quarterly TEA: Earl Grey. Hot. EARL GREY NEVER VARIES.
In the war of wits, he's unarmed.
I've spent almost all of my life with highly intelligent men. They're not like other men. Their spirit is great and stimulating. They hate strife; indeed they reject it. Their inventive gifts are boundless. They demand devotion and obedience. And a sense of humor. I happily gave all of this. I was lucky to be chosen and clever enough to understand them. -- Marlene Dietrich, on her friendship with Ernest Hemingway
I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of its situation. Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland. He loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to look down. At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per second per second takes over. II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter intervenes suddenly. Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely. Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the stooge's surcease. III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation conforming to its perimeter. Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole. The threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction. -- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980
"Seed me, Seymour" -- a random number generator meets the big green mother from outer space
-- Gifts for Men -- Men are amused by almost any idiot thing -- that is why professional ice hockey is so popular -- so buying gifts for them is easy. But you should never buy them clothes. Men believe they already have all the clothes they will ever need, and new ones make them nervous. For example, your average man has 84 ties, but he wears, at most, only three of them. He has learned, through humiliating trial and error, that if he wears any of the other 81 ties, his wife will probably laugh at him ("You're not going to wear THAT tie with that suit, are you?"). So he has narrowed it down to three safe ties, and has gone several years without being laughed at. If you give him a new tie, he will pretend to like it, but deep inside he will hate you. If you want to give a man something practical, consider tires. More than once, I would have gladly traded all the gifts I got for a new set of tires. -- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"
FACILITY REJECTED 100044200000;
Take your dying with some seriousness, however. Laughing on the way to your execution is not generally understood by less advanced life forms, and they'll call you crazy. -- "Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul"
A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor. -- B. Franklin
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
As for the basic assumptions about individuality and self, this is the core of what I like about cyberpunk. And it's the core of what I like about certain pre-gibson neophile techie SF writers that certain folks here like to put down. Not everyone makes the same assumptions. I haven't lost my mind... it's backed up on tape. -- Peter da Silva
How untasteful can you get?
Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is liked getting kicked out of the Book-of-the-Month Club. -- Melvin Belli on the occcasion of his getting kicked out of the American Bar Association
As to Jesus of Nazareth...I think the system of Morals and his Religion, as he left them to us, the best the World ever saw or is likely to see; but I apprehend it has received various corrupting Changes, and I have, with most of the present Dissenters in England, some doubts as to his divinity. - Benjamin Franklin
Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats. -- Woody Allen
Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long. -- Ogden Nash


























































Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
IN MY OPINION anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out becoming pure energy. -- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
The number of licorice gumballs you get out of a gumball machine increases in direct proportion to how much you hate licorice.
There's no honorable way to kill, no gentle way to destroy. There is nothing good in war. Except its ending. -- Abraham Lincoln, "The Savage Curtain", stardate 5906.5
A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that balances are correct. -- Princess Irulan, "Manual of Maud'Dib"
When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.
People need good lies. There are too many bad ones. -- Bokonon, "Cat's Cradle" by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.
The annual meeting of the "You Have To Listen To Experience" Club is now in session. Our Achievement Awards this year are in the fields of publishing, advertising and industry. For best consistent contribution in the field of publishing our award goes to editor, R.L.K., [...] for his unrivalled alle- giance without variation to the statement: "Personally I'd love to do it, we'd ALL love to do it. But we're not going to do it. It's not the kind of book our house knows how to handle." Our superior performance award in the field of advertising goes to media executive, E.L.M., [...] for the continu- ally creative use of the old favorite: "I think what you've got here could be very exciting. Why not give it one more try based on the approach I've out- lined and see if you can come up with something fresh." Our final award for courageous holding action in the field of industry goes to supervisor, R.S., [...] for her unyielding grip on "I don't care if they fire me, I've been arguing for a new approach for YEARS but are we SURE that this is the right time--" I would like to conclude this meeting with a verse written specially for our prospectus by our founding president fifty years ago -- and now, as then, fully expressive of the emotion most close to all our hearts -- Treat freshness as a youthful quirk, And dare not stray to ideas new, For if t'were tried they might e'en work And for a living what woulds't we do?
VMS must die!
On a clear disk you can seek forever. -- P. Denning
The Thought Police are here. They've come To put you under cardiac arrest. And as they drag you through the door They tell you that you've failed the test. -- Buggles, "Living in the Plastic Age"
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it. -- Billy Sunday
There is no act of treachery or mean-ness of which a political party is not capable; for in politics there is no honour. -- Benjamin Disraeli, "Vivian Grey"
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it. -- Desiderius Erasmus
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation. -- Frederick Brooks, "The Mythical Man Month"
Over the years, I've developed my sense of deja vu so acutely that now I can remember things that *have* happened before ...
James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total indifference to public notice to be universally recognized. -- Tom Stoppard
All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.
"And they told us, what they wanted... Was a sound that could kill some-one, from a distance." -- Kate Bush
Keep on keepin' on.
I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning. -- Plato




































Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"
Bilbo's First Law: You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it." -- Marvin the paranoid android
It is impossible to defend perfectly against the attack of those who want to die.
Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending your left leg, it's modern architecture. -- Nancy Banks Smith
When in doubt, do it. It's much easier to apologize than to get permission. -- Grace Murray Hopper
"You'll pay to know what you really think." -- J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
A beautiful woman is a picture which drives all beholders nobly mad. -- Emerson
I am a deeply superficial person. -- Andy Warhol
He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.
We're living in a golden age. All you need is gold. -- D.W. Robertson.
It happened long ago In the new magic land The Indians and the buffalo Existed hand in hand The Indians needed food They need skins for a roof The only took what they needed And the buffalo ran loose But then came the white man With his thick and empty head He couldn't see past his billfold He wanted all the buffalo dead It was sad, oh so sad. -- Ted Nugent, "The Great White Buffalo"
Positive, adj.: Mistaken at the top of one's voice. -- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Killing turkeys causes winter.
All a man needs out of life is a place to sit 'n' spit in the fire.
QOTD: "In the shopping mall of the mind, he's in the toy department."
Thus spake the master programmer: "Time for you to leave." -- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
When you know absolutely nothing about the topic, make your forecast by asking a carefully selected probability sample of 300 others who don't know the answer either. -- Edgar R. Fiedler
I know things about TROY DONAHUE that can't even be PRINTED!!
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
























core error - bus dumped
Dogs just don't seem to be able to tell the difference between important people and the rest of us.
"Pull the trigger and you're garbage." -- Lady Blue
Research, n.: Consider Columbus: He didn't know where he was going. When he got there he didn't know where he was. When he got back he didn't know where he had been. And he did it all on someone else's money.
First Law of Socio-Genetics: Celibacy is not hereditary.
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular. -- Adlai Stevenson
Youth. It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.
When the going gets tough, everyone leaves. -- Lynch
Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way. -- Daniele Vare

































But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable nowdays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study. -- Leslie Stephen, "Sketches from Cambridge"
A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer. -- Donald Knuth
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
The Gordian Maxim: If a string has one end, it has another.
You! What PLANET is this! -- McCoy, "The City on the Edge of Forever", stardate 3134.0
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely want to help you could agree with each other?
Chicken Little was right.
Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.
Perhaps the biggest disappointments were the ones you expected anyway.
"Can you program?" "Well, I'm literate, if that's what you mean!"













X windows: We will dump no core before its time. One good crash deserves another. A bad idea whose time has come. And gone. We make excuses. It didn't even look good on paper. You laugh now, but you'll be laughing harder later! A new concept in abuser interfaces. How can something get so bad, so quickly? It could happen to you. The art of incompetence. You have nothing to lose but your lunch. When uselessness just isn't enough. More than a mere hindrance. It's a whole new barrier! When you can't afford to be right. And you thought we couldn't make it worse. If it works, it isn't X windows.
There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none. -- Paul Bourget
Unfair animal names: -- tsetse fly -- bullhead -- booby -- duck-billed platypus -- sapsucker -- Clarence -- Gary Larson
How much for your women? I want to buy your daughter... how much for the little girl? -- Jake Blues, "The Blues Brothers"
Seen on a button at an SF Convention: Veteran of the Bermuda Triangle Expeditionary Force. 1990-1951. -- -- uunet!sugar!karl | "We've been following your progress with considerable -- karl@sugar.uu.net | interest, not to say contempt." -- Zaphod Beeblebrox IV -- Usenet BBS (713) 438-5018 From karl@sugar.hackercorp.com Sat Apr 29 10:46:20 1989 From: karl@sugar.hackercorp.com (Karl Lehenbauer) Subject: Fortune cookie file, part 07 of 06 Below is the latest addition to my fortune cookie file, 40212 bytes of mirth and merriment. This file contains a lot of quotes from peoples' postings on Usenet. After I had been doing this a while, I began including their net addresses as well. Enjoy, or hit 'n'... -------------------- cut it here, dude ------------------------------
No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a dirty little beast. -- W.S. Gilbert
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
Your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness.

















































































































































ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.
Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it. You have to eat it nevertheless. -- Flaubert









































































































A Vulcan can no sooner be disloyal than he can exist without breathing. -- Kirk, "The Menagerie", stardate 3012.4
The `loner' may be respected, but he is always resented by his colleagues, for he seems to be passing a critical judgment on them, when he may be simply making a limiting statement about himself. -- Sidney Harris
Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.
You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that, contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from houses. Really, that's what scientists believe. In fact many scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the summer. If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day, you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily. -- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"


















The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity. -- Harlan Ellison
Absolutum obsoletum. (If it works, it's out of date.) -- Stafford Beer
Bo Derek ruined my life!
"I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn. By accident I put the car key in the door lock. The house started up. So I figured what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times. I thought I should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to get off my driveway." -- Steven Wright
mathematician, n.: Some one who believes imaginary things appear right before your _i's.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse. -- Thomas Szasz
This land is my land, and only my land, I've got a shotgun, and you ain't got one, If you don't get off, I'll blow your head off, This land is private property. -- Apologies to Woody Guthrie
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
Gordon's first law: If a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing well.
Optimism is the content of small men in high places. -- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Crack Up"
problem drinker, n.: A man who never buys.
Harp not on that string. -- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac (and nobody cares about it). -- Bill Joy 6/21/85
SUN Microsystems: The Network IS the Load Average.































Imitation is the sincerest form of plagarism.
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death. -- James F. Byrnes
